The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
What we think, we become.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Limit your “always” and your “nevers.”
Nothing will work unless you do.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Well done is better than well said.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Keep going. Be all in.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
You become what you believe.
Act without expectation.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The best revenge is massive success.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Courage is grace under pressure.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
The best dreams happen when you’re awake.
Make each day your masterpiece.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is within your reach.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Work hard in silence, let success make the noise.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Turn your dreams into plans.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.
Here are 100 more well-known motivational quotes with no repeats:
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Done is better than perfect.
What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do.
The only journey is the one within.
If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
If you’re not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
The only thing worse than starting something and failing is not starting something.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The best way out is always through.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.
Don’t let making a living prevent you from making a life.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear—not absence of fear.
If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help build theirs.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Try to be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
Do what you love and the money will follow.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
We become what we think about most of the time.
Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Don’t limit your challenges—challenge your limits.
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
Success is not for the lazy.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work.
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Success is not about luck, it’s about consistency.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
It’s never too late to start over.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t limit your dreams.
Push harder than yesterday if you want a different tomorrow.
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses.
Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient.
Don’t be busy, be productive.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
The secret of change is to focus all your energy on building the new.
Doubt is what stops most people.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
